Copyright 1999, Legato Systems, Inc. All rights reserved. Legato
NetWorker is a registered trademark of Legato Systems, Inc. All other
trademarks are the property of their respective owners.

LICENSE AGREEMENT
THIS PRODUCT CONTAINS CERTAIN COMPUTER PROGRAMS AND OTHER PROPRIETARY
MATERIAL, THE USE OF WHICH IS SUBJECT TO THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT.  YOU
ARE CONSENTING TO BE BOUND BY AND BECOME A PARTY TO THIS LICENSE
AGREEMENT.  IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ALL THE TERMS, YOU MUST RETURN
THIS PRODUCT, ALL MANUALS AND DOCUMENTATION, AND PROOF OF PAYMENT, TO
THE PLACE YOU OBTAINED THEM FOR A FULL REFUND WITHIN 30 DAYS OF FIRST
ACQUIRING THIS PRODUCT. Your written approval is not a prerequisite to
the validity or enforceability of this agreement and no solicitation
of any such written approval by or on behalf of Legato shall be
construed as an inference to the contrary.     

LICENSE AND TERMS
Legato and any applicable sublicensors grant to you a limited,
personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable license to use the server
software programs and related documentation in this package
(collectively referred to as the "Software") on licensed client
processing unit(s). Any attempted sublicense, assignment, rental, sale
or other transfer of the Software or the rights or obligations of this
Agreement without the prior written consent of Legato shall be
void. This license granted herein will automatically terminate without
notice to you if you fail to comply with its terms. This Agreement
will be governed by the laws of the State of California as such laws
apply to agreements between California residents entered into and to
be performed within California. 

The Software is copyrighted. You may make copies of the software
programs only for backup and archival purposes. Unauthorized copying,
reverse engineering (except to the extent applicable laws specifically
prohibit such restriction), decompiling, dissassembling, and creating
derivative works of the Software are prohibited. You may print and
make copies of the documentation for your use and archive purposes
only. Unauthorized printing, copying, and creating derivative works of
the documentation are prohibited. Title to the Software is not
transferred to you by this license. Ownership and title to the
Software and to the actual contents of this package, including the
copy of the Software and the media on which it is stored and the
associated documentation are retained by Legato.     

LIMITED WARRANTY:  LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
Legato does not warrant that the Software will be free from error or
will meet your specific requirements.  Legato disclaims all complete
responsibility for decisions made or actions taken based on
information obtained using the Software. Any statements made
concerning the utility of the Software are not to be construed as
unexpressed or implied warranties. 

Subject to the conditions and limitations on liability stated herein,
Legato warrants for a period of thirty (30) days from the delivery of
the first copy of each type of SOFTWARE, as so delivered, will
materially conform to Legato's then current documentation for such
SOFTWARE. This warranty covers only problems reported to Legato during
the warranty period. ANY LIABILITY OF LEGATO WITH RESPECT TO THE
SOFTWARE OR THE PERFORMANCE THEREOF UNDER ANY WARRANTY, NEGLIGENCE,
STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER THEORY WILL BE LIMITED EXCLUSIVELY TO
PRODUCT REPLACEMENT OR, IF REPLACEMENT IS INADEQUATE AS A REMEDY OR,
IN LEGATO'S OPINION, IMPRACTICAL, TO REFUND OF THE LICENSE FEE. EXCEPT
FOR THE FOREGOING, THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY
OF ANY KIND INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF FITNESS OR
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. FURTHER, Legato
DOES NOT WARRANT, GUARANTEE, OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE
USE, OR THE RESULTS OF THE USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR WRITTEN MATERIALS IN
TERMS OF CORRECTNESS, ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE.  THIS
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY CONSTITUTES AN ESSENTIAL PART OF THIS LICENSE
AGREEMENT, SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW EXCLUSIONS OF AN IMPLIED WARRANTY,
SO THIS DISCLAIMER MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU AND YOU MAY HAVE OTHER LEGAL
RIGHTS THAT VARY FROM STATE TO STATE OR BY JURISDICTION.  The Licensee
understands that Legato is not responsible for and will have no
liability for hardware, software, or other items or any services
provided by any persons other than Legato. Legato shall have no
liability for delays or failures beyond its reasonable control. 

LEGATO OR ANY SUBLICENSOR SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE WITH
RESPECT TO ANY SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT UNDER ANY
CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE
THEORY: A) FOR LOSS OR INACCURACY OF DATA OR (EXCEPT FOR RETURN OF
AMOUNTS PAID TO LEGATO THEREFORE), COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE
GOODS, SERVICES OR TECHNOLOGY, B) FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF
REVENUES AND LOSS OF PROFITS; OR C) FOR ANY MATTER BEYOND ITS
REASONABLE CONTROL.     

EXPORT CONTROLS.  You shall comply with the US Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act and all applicable export laws, restrictions, and
regulations of the United States or foreign agency or authority.  You
will not export, or allow the export or re-export of the Software in
violation of any such laws, restrictions or regulations.  You shall
obtain and bear all expenses relating to any necessary licenses and/or
exemptions with respect to the export from the US of the Software to
any location so as to be in compliance with all applicable laws and
regulations prior to delivery thereof by Licensor.

MISCELLANEOUS.  This Agreement represents the complete agreement
concerning this license between the parties and supersedes all prior
agreements and representations between them.  It may be amended only
by a writing executed by both parties.  If any provision of this
Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, such provision
shall be reformed only to the extent necessary to make it enforceable.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed under California law
as such law applies to agreements between California residents entered
into and to be performed within California.

U.S. GOVERNMENT RESTRICTED RIGHTS.  Use, duplication or disclosure by
the Government is subject to restrictions set forth in subparagraphs
(a) through (d) of the Commercial Computer-Restricted Rights clause at
FAR 52.227-19 when applicable, or in subparagraph (c) (1) (ii) of the
Rights in Technical Data and Computer Software clause in DFARS
252.227-7013, and in similar clauses in the NASA FAR Supplement.
